README.md, before:

# leetCode

This repository is a notebook consisting of all my solutions to questions from LeetCode.

| #   | Title | Solution |
| --- | ----- | -------- |
|1480|[Running Sum Of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1480_RunningSumOf1dArray/RunningSumOf1dArray.java), [golang](./golang/1480_RunningSumOf1dArray/RunningSumOf1dArray.go)
|1108|[Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [Java](./Java/src/1108_DefangingAnIPAddress/DefangingAnIPAddress.java), [golang](./golang/1108_DefangingAnIPAddress/DefangingAnIPAddress.go)
|1431|[Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/) | [Java](./Java/src/1431_KidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies/KidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies.java), [golang](./golang/1431_KidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies/kidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies.go)
|1470|[Shuffle the Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1470_ShuffleTheArray/ShuffletheArray.java), [golang](./golang/1470_ShuffleTheArray/shuffleTheArray.go)
|1512|[Number of Good Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-good-pairs/) | [Java](./Java/src/1512_NumberofGoodPairs/NumberofGoodPairs.java), [golang](./golang/1512_NumberofGoodPairs/numberofGoodPairs.go)
|771|[Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/) | [Java](./Java/src/771_JewelsAndStones/JewelsAndStones.java), [golang](./golang/771_JewelsAndStones/jewelsAndStones.go)
|1603|[Design Parking System](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [Java](./Java/src/1603_DesignParkingSystem/DesignParkingSystem.java), [golang](./golang/1603_DesignParkingSystem/designParkingSystem.go)
|1365|[How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/1365_HowManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber/HowManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber.java), [golang](./golang/1365_HowManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber/howManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber.go)
|1773|[Count Items Matching a Rule](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-items-matching-a-rule/) | [Java](./Java/src/1773_CountItemsMatchingARule/CountItemsMatchingARule.java), [golang](./golang/1773_CountItemsMatchingARule/countItemsMatchingARule.go)
|1528|[Shuffle String](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string/) | [Java](./Java/src/1528_ShuffleString/ShuffleString.java), [golang](./golang/1528_ShuffleString/shuffleString.go)
|1281|[Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/) | [Java](./Java/src/1281_SubtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger/SubtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger.java), [golang](./golang/1281_SubtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger/subtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger.go)
|1672|[Richest Customer Wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/) | [Java](./Java/src/1672_RichestCustomerWealth/RichestCustomerWealth.java), [golang](./golang/1672_RichestCustomerWealth/richestCustomerWealth.go)
|1342|[Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/) | [Java](./Java/src/1342_NumberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero/NumberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero.java), [golang](./golang/1342_NumberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero/numberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero.go)
|1678|[Goal Parser Interpretation](https://leetcode.com/problems/goal-parser-interpretation/) | [Java](./Java/src/1678_GoalParserInterpretation/GoalParserInterpretation.java), [golang](./golang/1678_GoalParserInterpretation/goalParserInterpretation.go)
|1720|[Decode XORed Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-xored-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1720_DecodeXORedArray/DecodeXORedArray.java), [golang](./golang/1720_DecodeXORedArray/decodeXORedArray.go)
|1389|[Create Target Array in the Given Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-target-array-in-the-given-order) | [Java](./Java/src/1389_CreateTargetArrayIntheGivenOrder/CreateTargetArrayIntheGivenOrder.java)
|1221|[Split a String in Balanced Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-a-string-in-balanced-strings/) | [Java](./Java/src/1221_SplitAStringinBalancedStrings/SplitAStringinBalancedStrings.java)
|1486|[XOR Operation in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-operation-in-an-array) | [Java](./Java/src/1486_XOROperationInAnArray/XOROperationInAnArray.java)
|938|[Range Sum of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/) | [Java](./Java/src/938_RangeSumOfBST/RangeSumOfBST.java)
|1614|[Maximum Nesting Depth of the Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses/) | [Java](./Java/src/1614_MaximumNestingDepthoftheParentheses/MaximumNestingDepthoftheParentheses.java)
|1662|[Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent/) | [Java](./Java/src/1662_CheckIfTwoStringArraysareEquivalent/CheckIfTwoStringArraysareEquivalent.java)
|1800|[Maximum Ascending Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-ascending-subarray-sum) | [Java](./Java/src/1800_MaximumAscendingSubarraySum/MaximumAscendingSubarraySum.java)
|1749|[Maximum Absolute Sum of Any Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-absolute-sum-of-any-subarray) | [Java](./Java/src/1749_MaximumAbsoluteSumofAnySubarray/MaximumAbsoluteSumofAnySubarray.java)
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Java](./Java/src/1_TwoSum/TwoSum.java)
|1684|[Count the Number of Consistent Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-the-number-of-consistent-strings/) | [Java](./Java/src/1684_CountTheNumberofConsistentStrings/CountTheNumberofConsistentStrings.java)
|7|[Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/9_PalindromeNumber/PalindromeNumber.java)
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Java](./Java/src/20_ValidParentheses/ValidParentheses.java)
|26|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/26_RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArray/RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArray.java)
|53|[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [Java](./Java/src/53_MaximumSubarray/MaximumSubarray.java)
|27|[Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/) | [Java](./Java/src/27_RemoveElement/RemoveElement.java)
|202|[Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/202_HappyNumber/HappyNumber.java)
|204|[Count Primes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes/) | [Java](./Java/src/204_CountPrimes/CountPrimes.java)
|1534|[Count Good Triplets](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-good-triplets/) | [Java](./Java/src/1534_CountGoodTriplets/CountGoodTriplets.java)
|66|[Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one) | [Java](./Java/src/66_PlusOne/PlusOne.java)
|896|[Monotonic Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/896_MonotonicArray/MonotonicArray.java)
|1812|[Determine Color of a Chessboard Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-color-of-a-chessboard-square/) | [Java](./Java/src/1812_DetermineColorofaChessboardSquare/DetermineColorofaChessboardSquare.java)
|167|[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/) | [Java](./Java/src/167_TwoSumII/TwoSumII.java)
|1323|[Maximum 69 Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-69-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/1323_Maximum69Number/Maximum69Number.java)
|344|[Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [Java](./Java/src/344_ReverseString/ReverseString.java)
|409|[Longest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome/) | [Java](./Java/src/409_LongestPalindrome/LongestPalindrome.java)
|412|[Fizz Buzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/) | [Java](./Java/src/412_FizzBuzz/FizzBuzz.java)
|88|[Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/88_MergeSortedArray/MergeSortedArray.java)
|706|[Design HashMap](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/) | [Java](./Java/src/706_DesignHashMap/DesignHashMap.java)
|1313|[Decompress Run-Length Encoded List](https://leetcode.com/problems/decompress-run-length-encoded-list/) | [Java](./Java/src/1313_DecompressRunLengthEncodedList/DecompressRunLengthEncodedList.java)
|1920|[Build Array from Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/) | [Java](./Java/src/1920_BuildArrayfromPermutation/BuildArrayfromPermutation.java/)
|28|[Implement StrStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [Java](./Java/src/28_ImplementStrStr()/ImplementStrStr.java/)
|69|[Add binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Java](./Java/src/67_AddBinary/AddBinary.java/)
|122|[Path sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/) | [Java](./Java/src/122_PathSum/PathSum.java)
|1929|[Concatenation of Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1929_ConcatenationOfArray/ConcatenationOfArray.java)
|2011| [Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/) | [Java](./Java/src/2011_FinalValueOfVariableAfterPerformingOperations/FinalValueOfVariableAfterPerformingOperations.java)
|136| [Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/136_SingleNumber/SingleNumber.java)
|575| [Distribute Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies/) | [Java](./Java/src/575_DistributeCandies/DistributeCandies.java)
|217| [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/) | [Java](./Java/src/217_ContainsDuplicate/ContainsDuplicate.java)
|1859 | [Sorting the Sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/sorting-the-sentence/) | [Java](./Java/src/1859_SortingtheSentence/SortingtheSentence.java)
|1704 | [Determine if String Halves Are Alike](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-string-halves-are-alike/) | [Java](./Java/src/1704_DetermineifStringHalvesAreAlike.java)

Commit message:

1967. Number of Strings That Appear as Substrings in Word

README.md, after:

# leetCode

This repository is a notebook consisting of all my solutions to questions from LeetCode.

| #   | Title | Solution |
| --- | ----- | -------- |
|1480|[Running Sum Of 1d Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1480_RunningSumOf1dArray/RunningSumOf1dArray.java), [golang](./golang/1480_RunningSumOf1dArray/RunningSumOf1dArray.go)
|1108|[Defanging an IP Address](https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/) | [Java](./Java/src/1108_DefangingAnIPAddress/DefangingAnIPAddress.java), [golang](./golang/1108_DefangingAnIPAddress/DefangingAnIPAddress.go)
|1431|[Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/) | [Java](./Java/src/1431_KidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies/KidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies.java), [golang](./golang/1431_KidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies/kidsWiththeGreatestNumberofCandies.go)
|1470|[Shuffle the Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1470_ShuffleTheArray/ShuffletheArray.java), [golang](./golang/1470_ShuffleTheArray/shuffleTheArray.go)
|1512|[Number of Good Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-good-pairs/) | [Java](./Java/src/1512_NumberofGoodPairs/NumberofGoodPairs.java), [golang](./golang/1512_NumberofGoodPairs/numberofGoodPairs.go)
|771|[Jewels and Stones](https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/) | [Java](./Java/src/771_JewelsAndStones/JewelsAndStones.java), [golang](./golang/771_JewelsAndStones/jewelsAndStones.go)
|1603|[Design Parking System](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [Java](./Java/src/1603_DesignParkingSystem/DesignParkingSystem.java), [golang](./golang/1603_DesignParkingSystem/designParkingSystem.go)
|1365|[How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/how-many-numbers-are-smaller-than-the-current-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/1365_HowManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber/HowManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber.java), [golang](./golang/1365_HowManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber/howManyNumbersAreSmallerThantheCurrentNumber.go)
|1773|[Count Items Matching a Rule](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-items-matching-a-rule/) | [Java](./Java/src/1773_CountItemsMatchingARule/CountItemsMatchingARule.java), [golang](./golang/1773_CountItemsMatchingARule/countItemsMatchingARule.go)
|1528|[Shuffle String](https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string/) | [Java](./Java/src/1528_ShuffleString/ShuffleString.java), [golang](./golang/1528_ShuffleString/shuffleString.go)
|1281|[Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer](https://leetcode.com/problems/subtract-the-product-and-sum-of-digits-of-an-integer/) | [Java](./Java/src/1281_SubtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger/SubtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger.java), [golang](./golang/1281_SubtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger/subtractTheProductAndSumOfDigitsOfAnInteger.go)
|1672|[Richest Customer Wealth](https://leetcode.com/problems/richest-customer-wealth/) | [Java](./Java/src/1672_RichestCustomerWealth/RichestCustomerWealth.java), [golang](./golang/1672_RichestCustomerWealth/richestCustomerWealth.go)
|1342|[Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/) | [Java](./Java/src/1342_NumberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero/NumberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero.java), [golang](./golang/1342_NumberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero/numberOfStepsToReduceANumberToZero.go)
|1678|[Goal Parser Interpretation](https://leetcode.com/problems/goal-parser-interpretation/) | [Java](./Java/src/1678_GoalParserInterpretation/GoalParserInterpretation.java), [golang](./golang/1678_GoalParserInterpretation/goalParserInterpretation.go)
|1720|[Decode XORed Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/decode-xored-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1720_DecodeXORedArray/DecodeXORedArray.java), [golang](./golang/1720_DecodeXORedArray/decodeXORedArray.go)
|1389|[Create Target Array in the Given Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/create-target-array-in-the-given-order) | [Java](./Java/src/1389_CreateTargetArrayIntheGivenOrder/CreateTargetArrayIntheGivenOrder.java)
|1221|[Split a String in Balanced Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/split-a-string-in-balanced-strings/) | [Java](./Java/src/1221_SplitAStringinBalancedStrings/SplitAStringinBalancedStrings.java)
|1486|[XOR Operation in an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/xor-operation-in-an-array) | [Java](./Java/src/1486_XOROperationInAnArray/XOROperationInAnArray.java)
|938|[Range Sum of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/) | [Java](./Java/src/938_RangeSumOfBST/RangeSumOfBST.java)
|1614|[Maximum Nesting Depth of the Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses/) | [Java](./Java/src/1614_MaximumNestingDepthoftheParentheses/MaximumNestingDepthoftheParentheses.java)
|1662|[Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-two-string-arrays-are-equivalent/) | [Java](./Java/src/1662_CheckIfTwoStringArraysareEquivalent/CheckIfTwoStringArraysareEquivalent.java)
|1800|[Maximum Ascending Subarray Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-ascending-subarray-sum) | [Java](./Java/src/1800_MaximumAscendingSubarraySum/MaximumAscendingSubarraySum.java)
|1749|[Maximum Absolute Sum of Any Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-absolute-sum-of-any-subarray) | [Java](./Java/src/1749_MaximumAbsoluteSumofAnySubarray/MaximumAbsoluteSumofAnySubarray.java)
|1|[Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) | [Java](./Java/src/1_TwoSum/TwoSum.java)
|1684|[Count the Number of Consistent Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-the-number-of-consistent-strings/) | [Java](./Java/src/1684_CountTheNumberofConsistentStrings/CountTheNumberofConsistentStrings.java)
|7|[Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/9_PalindromeNumber/PalindromeNumber.java)
|20|[Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Java](./Java/src/20_ValidParentheses/ValidParentheses.java)
|26|[Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/26_RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArray/RemoveDuplicatesfromSortedArray.java)
|53|[Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/) | [Java](./Java/src/53_MaximumSubarray/MaximumSubarray.java)
|27|[Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/) | [Java](./Java/src/27_RemoveElement/RemoveElement.java)
|202|[Happy Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/happy-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/202_HappyNumber/HappyNumber.java)
|204|[Count Primes](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-primes/) | [Java](./Java/src/204_CountPrimes/CountPrimes.java)
|1534|[Count Good Triplets](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-good-triplets/) | [Java](./Java/src/1534_CountGoodTriplets/CountGoodTriplets.java)
|66|[Plus One](https://leetcode.com/problems/plus-one) | [Java](./Java/src/66_PlusOne/PlusOne.java)
|896|[Monotonic Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/monotonic-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/896_MonotonicArray/MonotonicArray.java)
|1812|[Determine Color of a Chessboard Square](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-color-of-a-chessboard-square/) | [Java](./Java/src/1812_DetermineColorofaChessboardSquare/DetermineColorofaChessboardSquare.java)
|167|[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/) | [Java](./Java/src/167_TwoSumII/TwoSumII.java)
|1323|[Maximum 69 Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-69-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/1323_Maximum69Number/Maximum69Number.java)
|344|[Reverse String](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/) | [Java](./Java/src/344_ReverseString/ReverseString.java)
|409|[Longest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome/) | [Java](./Java/src/409_LongestPalindrome/LongestPalindrome.java)
|412|[Fizz Buzz](https://leetcode.com/problems/fizz-buzz/) | [Java](./Java/src/412_FizzBuzz/FizzBuzz.java)
|88|[Merge Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/88_MergeSortedArray/MergeSortedArray.java)
|706|[Design HashMap](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashmap/) | [Java](./Java/src/706_DesignHashMap/DesignHashMap.java)
|1313|[Decompress Run-Length Encoded List](https://leetcode.com/problems/decompress-run-length-encoded-list/) | [Java](./Java/src/1313_DecompressRunLengthEncodedList/DecompressRunLengthEncodedList.java)
|1920|[Build Array from Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/build-array-from-permutation/) | [Java](./Java/src/1920_BuildArrayfromPermutation/BuildArrayfromPermutation.java/)
|28|[Implement StrStr()](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-strstr/) | [Java](./Java/src/28_ImplementStrStr()/ImplementStrStr.java/)
|69|[Add binary](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-binary/) | [Java](./Java/src/67_AddBinary/AddBinary.java/)
|122|[Path sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/path-sum/) | [Java](./Java/src/122_PathSum/PathSum.java)
|1929|[Concatenation of Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/concatenation-of-array/) | [Java](./Java/src/1929_ConcatenationOfArray/ConcatenationOfArray.java)
|2011| [Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/final-value-of-variable-after-performing-operations/) | [Java](./Java/src/2011_FinalValueOfVariableAfterPerformingOperations/FinalValueOfVariableAfterPerformingOperations.java)
|136| [Single Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/) | [Java](./Java/src/136_SingleNumber/SingleNumber.java)
|575| [Distribute Candies](https://leetcode.com/problems/distribute-candies/) | [Java](./Java/src/575_DistributeCandies/DistributeCandies.java)
|217| [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/) | [Java](./Java/src/217_ContainsDuplicate/ContainsDuplicate.java)
|1859 | [Sorting the Sentence](https://leetcode.com/problems/sorting-the-sentence/) | [Java](./Java/src/1859_SortingtheSentence/SortingtheSentence.java)
|1704 | [Determine if String Halves Are Alike](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-string-halves-are-alike/) | [Java](./Java/src/1704_DetermineifStringHalvesAreAlike/DetermineifStringHalvesAreAlike.java)
|1967 | [Number of Strings That Appear as Substrings in Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-strings-that-appear-as-substrings-in-word/) | [Java](./Java/src/1967_NumberofStringsThatAppearasSubstringsinWord/NumberofStringsThatAppearasSubstringsinWord.java)
